---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox-v1alpha1_instance Data Source - netbox-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# netbox-v1alpha1_instance (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the Instance
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) InstanceSpec defines the desired state of Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) InstanceStatus defines the observed state of Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `api_token` (String) Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing netbox
credentials.
The secret must define the key `apiToken`.
- `check_interval` (String) Interval between NetBox instance status checks.
- `disable_webhook` (Boolean) If true, the instance will not reconcile the related allocations based on received NetBox webhooks.
- `signature_key` (String) Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing NetBox
webhook signature secret. Required if webhook is enabled.
Secret must define the key `signatureKey`.
- `sync` (Attributes) Define Sync parameters for syncing Devices and Cables to
the NetBox instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--sync))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for API requests to the NetBox instance.
- `tls` (Attributes) Define TLS parameters for connecting to
the NetBox instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--tls))
- `url` (String) The URL of the Netbox instance.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sync`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the sync to netbox is enabled
- `region` (String) name of the region to be associated to the site.
- `tenant` (String) name of the tenant to be associated to the site.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.tls`

Optional:

- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true, the app will not verify the certificate returned
by NetBox.
- `trust_bundle` (String) configMap reference containing CA (key `trust-bundle.pem`)
to validate the certificate returned by NetBox.



<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `error_reason` (String) Provides an error reason if the instance is unreachable
- `last_checked` (String) Last checked time for connectivity status
- `reachable` (Boolean) Indicates if the netbox instance is reachable
