---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox-v1alpha1_instance_list Data Source - netbox-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# netbox-v1alpha1_instance_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) InstanceSpec defines the desired state of Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) InstanceStatus defines the observed state of Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `api_token` (String) Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing netbox
credentials.
The secret must define the key `apiToken`.
- `check_interval` (String) Interval between NetBox instance status checks.
- `signature_key` (String) Reference to a Kubernetes secret containing NetBox
webhook signature secret.
Secret must define the key `signatureKey`.
- `sync` (Attributes) Define Sync parameters for syncing Devices and Cables to
the NetBox instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sync))
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for API requests to the NetBox instance.
- `tls` (Attributes) Define TLS parameters for connecting to
the NetBox instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tls))
- `url` (String) The URL of the Netbox instance.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sync"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sync`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the sync to netbox is enabled
- `region` (String) name of the region to be associated to the site.
- `tenant` (String) name of the tenant to be associated to the site.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tls`

Optional:

- `skip_verify` (Boolean) If true, the app will not verify the certificate returned
by NetBox.
- `trust_bundle` (String) configMap reference containing CA (key `trust-bundle.pem`)
to validate the certificate returned by NetBox.



<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error_reason` (String) Provides an error reason if the instance is unreachable
- `last_checked` (String) Last checked time for connectivity status
- `reachable` (Boolean) Indicates if the netbox instance is reachable
